Announcement
************

The GNUstep Base Library, version 1.8.0, is now available.

What is the GNUstep Base Library?
=================================

   The GNUstep Base Library is a library of general-purpose,
non-graphical Objective C objects.  For example, it includes classes
for strings, object collections, byte streams, typed coders,
invocations, notifications, notification dispatchers, moments in time,
network ports, remote object messaging support (distributed objects),
and event loops.

   It provides functionality that aims to implement the non-graphical
portion of the OpenStep standard (the Foundation library).

   There is more information available at the GNUstep homepage at
`http://www.gnustep.org'.

   Note that versions that have a odd minor release number (the second
number, y, in x.y.z) are unstable releases (like 1.5.2), while even
minor release numbers (1.4.1) are stable releases.

Noteworthy changes in version `1.8.0'
=====================================

   Read the NEWS file for a compete list of changes since the last
stable version. The major change is that the header files (both in the
package and when installed) are in different locations. Also, due to
filesystem changes in gnustep-make, several components of gnustep-base
are located in different locations. Generally this should not affect the
compilation or running of applications and tools.

Where can you get it?  How can you compile it?
==============================================

   The gnustep-base-1.8.0.tar.gz distribution file has been placed on
`ftp.gnustep.org' in `pub/gnustep/core'.

   Please log bug reports on the GNUstep project page
<http://savannah.gnu.org/support/?group=gnustep> or send bug reports to
<bug-gnustep@gnu.org>.

